Aws 19.1.0 (#1147)
giantswarm/releases: aws/v19.1.0/announcement.md

> **Workload cluster release v19.1.0 for AWS is available**. This is a maintainance featuring latest Kubernetes versions and component upgrades. The new GS version is a preparation for the migrating away from Pod Security Policies(PSP) in favor of Pod Security Standards(PSS) in Kubernetes 1.25. We have also added two new feautres, the Cilium AWS ENI mode and new annotation for NodePools OS upgrades. Further details can be found in the [release notes](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/workload-cluster-releases-azure/releases/aws-v19.1.0/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Workload cluster release v19.1.0 for AWS is available**. This is a maintainance featuring latest Kubernetes versions and component upgrades. The new GS version is a preparation for the migration away from Pod Security Policies (PSP) in favor of Pod Security Standards (PSS) in Kubernetes 1.25. We have also added two new features: the Cilium AWS ENI mode and new annotation for NodePools OS upgrades. Further details can be found in the [release notes](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/workload-cluster-releases-azure/releases/aws-v19.1.0/).
```

Reviewer 2: applied

> **Workload cluster release v19.1.0 for AWS is available**. This is a maintainance featuring latest Kubernetes versions and component upgrades. The new GS version is a preparation for the migrating away from Pod Security Policies(PSP) in favor of Pod Security Standards(PSS) in Kubernetes 1.25. We have also added two new feautres, the Cilium AWS ENI mode and new annotation for NodePools OS upgrades. Further details can be found in the [release notes](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/workload-cluster-releases-azure/releases/aws-v19.1.0/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Workload cluster release v19.1.0 for AWS is available**. This is a maintenance release featuring latest Kubernetes versions and component upgrades. The new GS version is a preparation for the migrating away from Pod Security Policies(PSP) in favor of Pod Security Standards(PSS) in Kubernetes 1.25. We have also added two new feautres, the Cilium AWS ENI mode and new annotation for NodePools OS upgrades. Further details can be found in the [release notes](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/workload-cluster-releases-azure/releases/aws-v19.1.0/).
```
